---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

# Did this course meet your expectations?
The course definitely met my expectations. Through this, I was able to learn the world of open source and collaboration. I am most thankful for learning about pulling, pull requests, merging, fetching, and all the git related functions as well as the bash commands. Learning was not only a fun experience, but it also helped me towards my future goals. I was able to incorporate the git commands that I learned in class to collaborate with my fellow peers in making a game. We made a 2d mario kart esque game in which I assigned the new programmers to do the easier tasks, and they were able to push up into their forks and create a pull request.

# What was different than you expected?
What was really different was the fact that there are so many projects with a substantial amount of branches that was far beyond my expectations. Qgit really displayed how messy and intricate open source projects can get when they're being collaborated on by thousands of people over a span of years. I also had my opinions of open source being easy to hack change. Because code is posted online for everyone to see, I imagined hacking into these programs to be very easy, but after reading 8 advantages of open source in the enterprise and other articles, I have learned that problems in proprietary code will stay, but the same problems will be fixed by newcommers and it blew my mind. 

# How would you change what you wrote with respect to the last two questions
I originally wrote that I took this class because it was interesting, but I did not expect to take so much out of this class. This class helped me take a step towards my future: learning git so that I can collab with my peers on the same project without messing everything up. Originally, I had to transfer all my files through docs/save and copy paste code to transfer everything, but I had never imagined git to be so easy. One thing that I would like to change would be my attitude towards projects. I originally thought that collaborating and making contributions would be easy. It isn't. For some projects, there are specific guidelines towards how code is written, how text is spaced, how comments explain the code, etc. It definitely surprised me at first, but I quickly understood why guidelines were there in the first place: to keep consistancy. 

# Weekly Recap:
* Learned about many unique ways of contributing
* Learned that there are very simple solutions to hard problems that I imagined were too difficult for me to fix (ex: makefile error bug that was fixed by another person in the class)

