---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# The Cathedral and the Bazaar response
An interesting concept I picked up from reading "The Cathedral and the Bazaar was that cathedrals referenced the fact that the entity is being built with the goal of being a final product. The entity is planned from the start and meticulously executed to make a perfect representation. The reason why I found this so interesting was the fact that this was originally my thought process. I would take time to plan out what functions I need for my project and see the interactions between each function so I wouldnt have to look back and debug my code for hours. Another interesting concept that I feel really weird to adapt would be Linus Torvald's consistency. He believes in constantly and continuously updating the project whenever something new happens, so its a concept in which an entity is built from over and over to achieve perfection, which is closely linked with the third concept: the bazaar. A bazaar is normally a market in which a bunch of merchents sell off their goods. The reason why they trive is through the individual people who heighten good merchants which eventually leads to a successful system that rise from the ashes of the failed ones. 

# Project response
The project that I chose to work on is called 30 seconds of CSS. I am very interested in making webpages and making them look very pretty. So I thought it would be a perfect fit. It took a very long while but I know for sure what I need to work on to make a contribution for this project. Unfortunately, because this repo doesn't really have issues (since the code is all in snippets), I have decided to contribute to the code myself with a snippet of my own. Also, I found a very small spelling mistake in their website (their code doesn't have any mistakes) so I will also notify them with that as well.

# Weekly Recap:
* Finished blog post #9
* Updated contributions page with 5 open street map edits
* Found what open source to contribute to and what I can contribute
* Learned about fetching, rebasing, and gitg
