---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

For this week, your goal is to describe the project evaluation that you did. 
What was hard? what did you learn? Are you interested in the particular project 
that you evaluated now? What was the hardest task? Do not limit yourself to these questions.


# Project Evaluation
The project evaluation I did was on SuperTuxKart, an open source project written in C++. It was slightly hard to do since there were so many folders and tabs to navigate through, and so many variables within the questions (last 10 commites ranged from 3 hours to a day), so the math portion was a bit difficult. Also, finding the design document for the game was annoying because I had to scour their website to find it, I couldn't find it in the github page itself. I learned that this project is far bigger than I had expected, and that even though I have knowledge with c++, there is little to no chance ill be able to contribute to this with code. My interest has died with this project, mostly because the problems listed in the commits refer to code that you have to read multiple files with thousands of lines of code to fully understand the situation. The hardest task was actually to find the design document, since there are so many folders in the github repository, it was similar to navigating a maze trying to find the end. 

# Weekly Recap:
* Did project evaluation assignment
* Blog post about my problems with the project evaluation. 
* Learned in class that I am not the only one who hasn't desided of a project yet, and that lots of projects use IRCs to communicate, but some even go to slack.
