---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

# Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert
What bothered me from the article by Dries Buytaert came from the second sentence: "Most people know that Open Source provides better quality software, at a lower cost, without vendor lock-in." Although I can agree for the most part, this statement implies that most people know open source is the best, while the rest don't know it yet. I can see why the statement can be true, but I can also see how closed source software can be better in certain situations, such as how support in terms of bugs are handled professionlly for closed source software, while open source software needs to depend on the loyal and engaged community in order to provide said support.  

There isn't much that I disagree with on the document, but a slight urk I had with it was the fact that it takes over half the blog to even address a singular problem that was brought up. Governace, privitization, and centralization was brought up near the start of the blog, but it takes until halfway through the blog, after the makers and takers talk, after the prisoner's dilemma talk, after the public vs common good talk to finally start being addressed. There was also the whole explanation about takers being bad for open source, but no solutions were proposed until way later as well. It could be a way for the blog to keep the reader interested and to continue reading, but on my side it was slightly annoying to have to wonder until I got to the good part.  

I get that centralizing a common good, making the government take over maintainance, is a solution to the whole free-rier problem, but it doesn't feel like a good one. It feels like the rights to the open source project is handed over to the government in situations like these, and creators would obviously want to keep at least their name in the rights. The explanation later on was much better when it talks about how companies would create a contract to see how much they should split between one another, though i'm not too sure why the taker company would agree to something like this, since they could just not follow through and earn more money that way.  

All in all I enjoyed the article as it broadened my view on open source. It showed me how complicated things can get once open source software gets larger and larger, and it highlighted all of the little problems open source projects face to establish a correct method. 

# Wikipedia search
What I found out about Wikipedia's pages was the fact that there is so much information already written in most of the things I thought I could contribute to that I could not think of anything to contribute. Furthermore, the hardest part about contributing in Wikipedia is being consistant with all of the formatting which is going to take a little bit to learn, but not as much as how much time that needs to be invested to find out something that isn't listed in the wikipedia page already. Thankfully, I found a wiki page about League of Legends that doesnt go in depth of all the extra games, which is thankfully the one thing I thought of that I could contribute to. 

# Project update
Unfortunately their documentation for their html page, located in the docs file, is not their actual html page code, but merely a hyperlink to the website: css.30secondsofcode.org so I am not able to use my about page edit as a pull request/contribution. Thus, I will be adding the 4 box split screen as I planned to from the start. I don't think adding a link to my fork will provide anything so I wont. 

|Date|Description|Explanation|
|---|:---|:---|
|11/3|Looked for grammar errors|Tried to find easy fixes with grammar errors but found nothing|
|11/4|[Submitted first issue](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-css/issues/167)|There was a grammar issue of "A few word about" and attempted to change to "a few words about" but they focused on the comma and not the grammar. They closed the issue and left it|
|11/4|Started working on making a contribution|Started four-section-split-screen.md contribution|
|11/5 4pm|Finished four-section-split-screen.md|Started looking for small errors|
|11/5 6pm|Edited snippetList + Snippets file|They document their snippets in json files, I worked on copying my code there with the same format that they have been using|
|11/5 10pm|[Submitted first pull request](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-css/pull/168)|Did the split screen portion, hopefully they will tell me how to do the hash portion and update me on what to do next|



# Weekly Recap:
* Read "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert
* Finished blog post #10
* Learned about Wikipedia and Linux commands
* Found out a Wikipedia page I could contribute to
* Made first real issue and pull request to a open source project
* Got Big sad for a second from getting issue denied and closed
