---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

# Tom Callaway's blog post response
Tom Callaway begins by going over several business models that open source software companies use. They consist of:
1. Consultancies - build solutions on hire with a contract
2. Subscriptions - provide support/update/access with subscription payments
3. Donation model - ask for donations when downloading
4. Open Core - usage of proprietary software to enhance the "core". The core itself is good, but the extras are what keep you.
5. Software as a service - allowing a third party to host the application and make it available to people over the internet. 
6. Peace of Mind - get paid to act as an intermediary
7. FUD – usage of Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt to make people buy.  

  Even without his response, it’s easy to tell that Open Core would be the most popular option of the 7.I see this marketing tactic with software that isn’t even open source. For example, a video editor I use allows me to easily create videos, but I am not allowed to take the watermark off when I develop them. It’s a very good video editor, especially for newbies that have no idea what they’re doing, but it would be further enhanced if I didn’t have a big watermark taking the entirety of the screen. Therefore, it’s so surprising to see that Red Hat, the most successful company in this space, is not open core. He assures that open core is only a temporary influx of cash, and that the software will not flourish compared to if it were open source. I am waiting for the day that open source gets more successful so that it demolishes the open core model, then id be able to use nice programs without having to shell out a monthly subscription fee.  

# Reactions to "8 advantages of using open source in the enterprise" article
This feels more like 7 advantages of using open source since #1(agility) and #2(speed) are talking about the same ideas - not being left behind by competitors. The most interesting aspect of the article revolves around #5 - solid information security. I had always believed that open source software would have a lot of loopholes (since the code would be open to the public anyways) but the article makes a valid counterargument with the fact that: because the code is out there, these problems are able to be identified and fixed, rather than to stay there in a proprietary environment. I am slightly skeptical that the future will be based off of open source, but it does make me hopeful that things will improve as the days go by. 

# Questions response
I would not mind working in a company that only produced open source software, though I am not too excited for the amount of pay I would receieve if I were to do a thing like that. The article speaks about how a benefit of open source is the fact that its very cheap, so why would I be paid to write code if someone online with better qualitifactions could come and do it for no cost. Hopefully there is a proper payment plan in the future for open source developers. My dream job would be something on the lines of game design or web design, which open source could definitely encompass in the near future. If open source would dominate the world within 10 years, it would be a sight to behold, what if everything is improved to the point of perfection, such as security defenses or face tracking. It does sound like a cool world to live in, hopefully it doesn't turn into a distopia. 

# Project update
I definitely spoke with too much emotion last blog post, I would like to assert that I was not giving up on project searching for the rest of the class, I am still looking for contributions. I made 2 contributions to 30 seconds of cpp and am planning to make even more in the repository. 2 pull requests are already made, one is definitely going to be merged since it was one typo that messed up an entire page. I just have to wait for the moderators to come online and merge it (they come online in bursts, the owner came on 5 days ago and went over many of the issues/commented on the pull requests).

# Weekly Recap:
* Learned a few more linux commands (grep, egrep, sed)
* Learned about the business of open source (how people make money working in open source)
* Read Tom Callaway's "Musings on Open Source Software Business Model
* Read "8 Advantages of Using Open Source in the Enterprise"
* Contributed to 30-seconds-of-cpp (one merge function, one typo mistake, and one issue for future contribution)
* Finished contribution presentation for this thursday
