---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# Project Searching  
When I started searching for open source projects to contribute to, I had no idea of what I really wanted to do. I opened each of the hyperlinks in section 4 of the "how to submit a contribution" page and looked at each and individual project there. There were a lot of hacktoberfest repos needing c++ algorithms and other concepts, but that will likely be a last second resort for me.  

| Project name | Link | Result  | Reason  |
|---|---|---|---|
| likecs/competitive-coding  | [github link](https://github.com/likecs/Competitive-Coding)  | looks good/rejected  | Algorithms here are for learning more about coding, I feel like I would use this myself, but is too complicated for me to contribute to.  |
| cookie-byte/algorithms  |  [github link](https://github.com/cookie-byte/algorithms) |  possible | Can contribute tree/graph algorithms learned in CS335, will look back at this|
| prateekkalra/movie-py-cli  |  [github link](https://github.com/prateekkalra/movie-py-cli)  | rejected  | Looked interesting until I clicked it and saw that it was basically finished. Tons of requirements to run script, maybe will look into figuring out how to do the job without all those requirements in the future. Probably not. |
|  monicanagent/cypherpoker.js | [cypher poker](https://github.com/monicanagent/cypherpoker.js) | Rejected | Issue/bug reporter are both templates, demo didn't work the first time, gambling.|
| ytdl-org/youtube-dl | [youtube dl](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl) | looks good | Based off command line, wanted to learn more in depth about the intricacies of it. Has contributions, license, readme, setup, test files, and tons of documentation. |

Going forward, I shouldn't look at projects that only interest me, since that was what I was mostly doing while browsing all of the links. It took a very long while of searching before I even found projects that was interesting to me, that was in a language I knew, and that had issues I could possibly solve. I think I need to further narrow down my search instead of blindly scrolling through each of the websites, hoping I can find something I could contribute to. It brought my spirits down after I searched a good 30 minutes and did not find any possible candidates, but I will come back to this. 
Most of the links I didnt include here since they were either: 
* Out of my control (contributions are on a different language).
* Out of my level (contributions are too advanced in the language).  

# Karen Sandler Response  
Karen Sandler made many interesting points that actually assisted me in learning about licenses and the open source world. Her talk about pacemakers and the future of open source really brought to me the dark side of the future, and how open source would be able to fix some of the issues. For example, Karen's talk about pacemakers and her asking the doctor what language it was written in shows our dependency on technology without knowing exactly what it does. The doctor had no idea how the pacemaker worked nor even what language it was written in, so he wouldn't have known that it would shock pregnant woman who are going through the regular process. It's clear that if we were to examine the code that these pacemakers were written in, we would be able to fix problems such as these when even the creators have shoved it off to the side. Her knowledge in the field of licenses was also very intriguing. For example, of how copyright was in a sense create monopolies if abused, and the existance of copyleft: the opposite of copy right that instills the condition of the code onto its successors. All in all, I am grateful that Karen took the time out of her life to speak to us. It made me more interested and knowledgable in the open source world. 
