---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

  The Git activity done in class today was a fresh experience that stumped me for a good 20 minutes. I had problems pushing my files up to Git as I kept getting errors during the pushing process. I don't remember the exact error message but I had a friend next to me help out. He tried many Git commands to see if it would fix, such as using the force tag to force pull and update but it never worked. The problem was solved by completely deleting all the files I was going to push and redoing it. Not sure what I did wrong in the commit process but it worked smoothly afterwards. The activity was really useful for me because my terminal was having problems, git sucks, and I learned that visual studio code has their own terminal which is really nice. My merge conflict occured when we all tried to edit the same file. I had to go to git and resolve the error myself by changing the file. It all resolved in the end, just before class ended.  
  The article that had the greatest impression on me is the "7 things that make a great open source contribution" blog. It cleared up many misconceptions that I had regarding open source contributions. For example, when I think about editing code as a contribution, I think of finding new ways to increase the efficiency of the code. However, #6 imparts that the code is already specifically designed to be efficient, and that there should be little to no inclusions of new lines of code. Considering the needs of other users, not just the contributor will make me want to double check my code so that it doesnt just satisfy the contributors request, but also is clear enough for other contributors to read and understand.  
    Editing someone else's blog was not like I had imagined it to be. I realized that because I was not a contributor to the project, I was not able to push my change to the repository. Instead, I had to fork the repository, make changes there, then make a pull request and wait for them to either accept or reject it. 
