---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

#Project writing  
Thankfully, the project that I chose did not require me to download anything or install anything from the github link. The issues that I was considering was to either fix some grammar errors, and or contributing to the 30 seconds of css portion by figuring out some sort of common css trick that most people need. Maybe finding a way to have the window split screen or quad screen, in case 2 separate things need to be shown at a time. I am looking through each of the docs but I am mostly looking at the snippets folder since it contains all of the css tricks in a single folder. I am also looking at the contributing.md file to figure out what I can do for this repository. What I noticed was the fact that it said beginner typo, so I likely will be able to find some way to contribute. I am looking through websites to figure out some css that sticks out to me, in hopes that I can find something to put into the doc. Worst case scenario, I do the 2 column/4 column split screen css that I thought of as a backup.  

# Bill Reyner Response  
What was really interesting from Bill Reyner was his speech about his corporate experience and keeping things a secret. Copyleft is a license that the following open source product can be used, modified, and distributed freely under the condition that whatever products derived from the open source code shares the copyleft license. Thus, any new thing created will be copyleft, open source, and therefore out in the open. Thus, his company had to ignore gnu licenses because they wanted to keep some portions of their code secret. His example with the router case/code using open source code but wanted to keep their code a secret going all the way up to the court levels cemented the idea into my mind. 

# Weekly Recap:
* Chose a project to work on for first open source contribution
* Met Bill Reyner and listened to his talk about corporate level open source projects.
* Did one OpenStreetMap Contribution
* Learned in class about pulling being really bad, and that we should be fetching our code from github since its "safer." 
* Fun fact, pulling is actually a combination of fetching and merging, so fetching means you're able to look and edit the code, then choose what to merge later. 
