---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

# Kevin Fleming visit response  
What was really surprising right off the bat was the fact that bloomberg was not just a news website but had many different subdivisions that encompass it. Its interesting that they started to turn to the open source community by offering events and internships to students. Whats different about Bloomberg and Factset pertain to how they run things. With Bloomberg, theyre attempting to use open source through multiple aspects, the most interesting to me was the machine learning one. They are hoping to use machine learning to take scatter plots off an image to get all of the data online. This is due to the fact that data is usually written on a sheet of paper and if companies want to get that data online they would have to manually put said data themselves. They also have people come into test their UI to see if people could easily find what they were looking for. Bloomberg also has a fancy testing tool that intentionally breaks parts of a kubernets cluster to ensure the appication is perfect and can handle situations where certain parts of the app fails.  
Factset appears to be used more for its pitch book software where users are able to easily grab and sort data for presentations, and its usability. Factset appeals to the general marketplace, which consists of people just starting to get into the marketplace, and leans towards a easy to understand UX and graphs. Bloomberg's UX/UI appears to be much more difficult to understand. Also im not too sure about this but it appears that Bloomberg also adds data that users personally request, and I'm not so sure that Factset does that. 

# Update on first contribution  
Just like from last week, I have done my first contribution in the form of a css snippet for the repository: 30-seconds-of-css. My pull request is currently still active but there has been no responses to it at all. I don't really have anything else I can say about this so here is the link to the contribution again: [contribution](https://github.com/30-seconds/30-seconds-of-css/pull/168)

# System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot
The company System76 will soon be shipping two laptops: Galago Pro and Darter Pro with an open source Bios called coreboot. The purpose is to boot your operating system as fast as possible without any problems. This is a giant leap towards progressing the Open Source world, as normal systems do not let you access the BIOS code until coreboot came along. Although this is a technological innovatoin, two problems emerge with the switch to open source:
1. Most consumers buy laptops for general use, they wont need nor ever think about accessing the BIOS systems.
2. With the code being open source, there is a likelyhood that backdoors may be discovered by hackers that weren't already spotted by contributors. 

The reason why I am concerned about this is because there was a company called LifeLock where the CEO was so sure his security system was foolproof that he published his social security number on his ad. He then had his identity stolen 13 times, racking up bills totalling around $5,000 then was fined 12 million for fraudulent advertising. 

# Weekly Recap:
* Was visited by Bloomberg's Kevin Fleming
* Blog response comparing kevin Fleming and Bill Reyner
* Learned a lot about linux commands and cool flags
* Updated contributions with 2 wikipedia edits
* Read "System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot"


