
---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# Voting fraud open source solution article response
This is a step in the right direction because we are working to improve the problems that could occur with outdated machinery. Due to human error, and being able to be hacked, people are able to influence the result of the elections because of it. Whats really nice about open source is the fact that updating these machines will make sure they mess up less, but also improve its security so that other people wont be able to hack in as easily. The reason why I said this was a step up was the fact that because its open source, any do no good'ers will be able to find kinks and problems with the code, and be able to hack into the systems easily. I understand that there are systems that are super difficult to hack into, but I do believe that everything has its kinks, and that everything is able to be hacked. Also, I don't feel like this project will be completed in the near future, since they only allow professionals to work on the project, or they allow people to work on a third party project, but not random people/professionals that want to work on it as a side job. Also, implementing all of these systems across the United States will take years to implement.

# Project Contribution update 
I searched a good hour and a half for projects that were beginner/first time friendly. Ive looked into HTML/CSS/Javascript portions of the labels: beginner/first time but I still couldn't find anythin that appealed to me. Thus, I just looked for something really easy so that I could at least get that pull request done. Here is the link to my [pull request](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions/pull/23558)

# Weekly Recap:
* Learned a few more linux commands 
* Learned about humanitarian projects base off open source
* Got reported by a false positive on wikipedia for edit - did two smaller wiki edits 
* Gave up project searching and just made easy first contribution
* read voting fraud open source solution article


